The system should not need intervention from outside users other than the supervisor to maintain operation of THEMAS.
The system should provide warnings to the supervisor about faulty temperatures.
The displaying of the current status of the system to the supervisor should not contain excessive information which could confuse the supervisor.
The system should provide information in the form of reports to the supervisor so that the system can be run efficiently.
When a signal is sent to a heating or cooling unit, no signal shall be available to allow the THEMAS system to determine if the signal sent to the unit was realized by the unit.
2.5.1 Operating System Assumptions  The THEMAS system shall be designed to run on the Microsoft ® Windows NT™ operating system.
Any communication with the thermostats and heating and cooling units shall be done through the interface to these units.
These interfaces shall run on this operating system as well.
2.5.2 Thermostat Hardware Assump tions  It is assumed that the thermostat is capable of returning the current temperature and the current desired temperature setting to the THEMAS system.
The thermostat is constantly returning these values with no real time delay in between the thermostat and the THEMAS system.
The thermostat also has the capability of being set and controlled by a user of the THEMAS system.
2.5.3 Heating/Cooling Hardware Assumptions  It is assumed that the heating/cooling unit is incapable of returning its current off/on status to the THEMAS system.
The heating/cooling unit has no real time delay when sending these statuses to the THEMAS system.
The heating/cooling unit shall have the capability of being turned off and on by the supervisor of the THEMAS system.
3.1.1.1 Load H/C Unit Definitions (SRS -001)  3.1.1.1.1 Introduction The THEMAS system shall control t he heating and cooling units that are defined as part of the THEMAS system.
The definitions of the individual heating and cooling systems reside in an initialization file.
The system shall read this file and the definitions shall be derived from the initialization data in the file.
3.1.1.1.2 Inputs Initialization Data  3.1.1.1.3 Processing The THEMAS system shall use the information contained in the initialization data file to determine which heating and cooling units are part of the THEMAS system.
The 3 - 1 D_THEMAS_SRS_001  initialization file shall contain a unique identifier for each thermostat that the system is to monitor.
These identifiers shall be read from the initialization file and loaded into the THEMAS system during the initialization process.
3.1.1.2.4 Outputs Operational Parameters  3.1.1.3 Load Utilization Parameters (SRS -003)  3.1.1.3.1 Introduction There shall be a maximum number of heating or cooling u nits that can be on at any given time.
This procedure loads the maximum number of concurrently running units allowed.
The maximum number of concurrently running units shall be read from the initialization file and stored in the THEMAS system.
3.1.1.4.2 Inputs Initialization Data  3.1.1.4.3 Processing The trigger values shall reside in an initialization file.
This procedure shall read the initialization file and establish the trigger value from the data in that file.
This procedure shall read the initialization file and establish the overtemperature value from the data in that file.
This procedure shall read the initialization file and establish the valid temperature range from the data in it.
Then , it shall check all the thermostats and determine if any thermostat’s settings require a heating or cooling unit to be turned on back on.
It shall then read the current temperature values and current temperature settings of each thermostat.
If the settings reflect a need for a heating or cooling unit to be turned o n, the process shall issue a request to turn on the appropriate unit.
This determination shall be made in accordance with the rules outlined in section 3.1.4.1 and 3.1.4.2.
This module shall process both types of data.
A current temperature value that is received from an individual thermostat shall be compared to the valid temperature range values.
If the current temperature value is strictly less than the lower value of the valid temperature range or if the received temperature value is strictly greater than the upper value of the valid temperature range, then the THEMAS system shall identify the current temperature value as an invalid temperature and shall output an invalid temperature status.
Otherwise, the THEMAS system shall output a valid temperature status.
If the temperature setting value is strictly less than the lower value of the valid temperature range or if the temperature setting value is strictly greater than the upper value of the valid temperature range, then the THEMAS system shall identify the temperature setting as an invalid temperature and shall output an invalid temperature status.
Otherwise, the THEMAS system shall realize the value for that thermostat’s temperature setting.
3.1.4.1 Determine Temperature Status (SRS -009)  3.1.4.1.1 Introduction The THEMAS system shall determine wh en a reported temperature or a changed temperature setting exceeds the limits set by the 3 - 4 D_THEMAS_SRS_001  overtemperature values.
Temperatures that exceed the overtemperature limits shall be reported as such.
Temperatures that do not exceed these limits shall be output for subsequent processing.
3.1.4.1.2 Inputs Valid Temperatures Trigger Values Overtemp Values  3.1.4.1.3 Processing The THEMAS system shall compare the reported temperature value to the temperature setting and detect when the temperature value exceeds the specified limits.
In this case this process shall output the condition of the temperature limit having been exceeded.
3.1.4.2.2 Inputs Temperature Trigger Exceeded  3.1.4.2.3 Processing There are two conditions for each individual thermostat that shall be tested for: 1) the thermostat’s settings are satisfied and 2) the thermostat’s temperature indica tes it requires a heating or cooling unit to be turned on.
The THEMAS system shall limit the number of heating or cooling units t hat may be running simultaneously.
3.1.5.1.2 Inputs Operational Parameters H/C Request  3.1.5.1.3 Processing The THEMAS system shall maintain the ON/OFF status of each heating and cooling unit.
When a request to turn on or off a heating or cooling unit, the following processing will occur.
When a request to turn on a heating or cooling unit is received, the system shall determine if the request can be honored.
If the maximum number of heating or cooling units is already running, the request will be add ed to a LIFO queue.
If the maximum number of heating or cooling units is not running, this process will generate a request to turn on the requested unit.
When a request to turn off a heating or cooling unit is received, this process shall check the queue of waiting heating and cooling requests.
If the queue is not empty, this process shall remove one request from the LIFO queue and check the current state of the thermostat for which the queued request was made.
If that thermostat still needs a heating o r cooling unit turned on, this process shall submit a request to turn that unit on.
This system event shall consist of a description of the event type (a request denied event), a designation of the thermostat that made the request, and a designation of the heating or cooling unit that was not turned on.
3.1.5.2.4 Outputs System Event Data  3.1.5.3 Generate H/C Request (SRS -013)  3.1.5.3.1 Introduction The THEMAS system shall control the heating and cooling units that are designated as part of the THEMAS system.
3.1.5.3.2 Inputs H/C ON/OFF Request  3.1.5.3.3 Processing When a request to turn on or off a heating or cooling unit is made, this process shall generate the appropriate request to carry out that request.
This request shall include the designation of the heating or cooling unit and a flag to indicate whether that unit is to be turned on or off.
This control signal shall also provide an indication of the unit’s status at the requesting thermostat.
3 - 7 D_THEMAS_SRS_001   3.1.6.2 Inputs Approved H/C Request  3.1.6.3 Processing This process shall recognize the values for the requested heating or cooling unit and the ON or OFF status that is being requested.
This process shall determine which alarm event is to be generated.
3.1.7.2 Inputs Invalid Temperature Temperature Limit Exceeded  3.1.7.3 Processing When the THEMAS system detects a request for an alarm, this process shall detect which of the two alarms are being requested.
If the system detects an invalid temperature, this process shall output a continuous series of alternating 500 Hz and 700 Hz beeps on the supervisor’s computer.
Each beep shall have a three - quarter second duration.
This series of beeps shall continue until the supervisor manually resets the alarm through the supervisor’s interface window.
3 - 8 D_THEMAS_SRS_001   If the system detects a temperature limit has been exceeded, this process shall output a continuous series of alternating 1000 Hz and 1500 Hz beeps on the supervisor’s computer.
Each beep shall have a one-half second duration.
This series of beeps shall continue until the supervisor manually resets the alarm through the supervisor’s interface window.
Each time an alarm is requested, an alarm event shall be recorded.
This event shall be used to provide operational and statistical reports about the system.
3.1.7.4 Outputs Alarm Data Alarm Events  3.1.8 Generate Event Data (SRS -016)  3.1.8.1 Introduction For each event that is generated, the THEMAS system shall identify each event and generate the appropriate event data.
The THEMAS system shall record each event by a description and the c urrent system time for that event.
This information shall be recorded in a Microsoft ® Access ® database that shall reside on the supervisor’s computer.
3.1.10.2 Inputs Event Data  3.1.10.3 Processing The supervisor’s interface to the THEMAS system shall provide a mechanism to select between an operational history report or a statistical summary report.
Either report shall consist of an ASCII file whose location and name shall be selectable by the operator.
If the operational history report is selected, the THEMAS system shall select all the events from the event database, sort the events by date and time, and create the ASCII report file.
After selecting one of the months, the system shall generate the ASCII report file.