Overall description 3.1 Product Description and Scope The Digital Home system, for the purposes of this document, is a system that will allow a home user to manage devices that control the environment of a home.
3.2 Users Description 3.2.1 DigitalHome Users 3.2.1.1 The general user shall be able to use the DH system capabilities to monitor and control the environment in his or her home.
3.2.1.4 A Master user will be designated, who shall be able to change the configuration of the system.
3.2.2 DigitalHome Technician Digital Home Project, SRS 1.3 Page 6 3.2.2.1 A DH Technician is responsible for setting up and maintaining the configuration of a DH system.
3.2.2.4 A DH Technician will have rights beyond the DH General User, capable of setting up and making changes in the configuration of the system (e.g.,setting system parameters and establishing user accounts), and starting and stopping operation of the DH System.
3.3.4 Where possible, the DigitalHome project will employ widely used, accepted, and available hardware and software technology and standards, both for product elements and for development tools.
3.4.1 The home system shall require an Internet Service Provider (ISP).
The ISP should be widely available (cable modem, high speed DSL), such as Bright House or Bellsouth FastAccess.
3.4.2 DH Home Web Server 3.4.2.1 A DH System shall have the capability to establish an individual home web server hosted on a home computer.
3.4.3.2 The Gateway shall contain an RF Module, which shall send and receive wireless communications between the Gateway and the other DigitalHome devices (sensors and controllers).
3.4.4 Sensors and Controllers 3.4.4.1 The system shall include digital programmable thermostats, which shall be used to monitor and regulate the temperature of an enclosed space.
3.4.4.2 The system shall include digital programmable humidistats, which shall be used to monitor and regulate the humidity of an enclosed space.
3.4.4.3 The system shall include magnetic alarm contact switches which shall be used to monitor entry through a door or window when the switch is active.
3.4.4.4 The system shall include security sound and light alarms, which can be activated when DigitalHome senses a security breach from a magnetic contact.
3.4.4.5 The system shall include digital programmable power switches which shall be used to monitor the current state of an appliance (e.g., a coffee maker is off or on).
3.4.4.6 The system shall be able to use a power switch to change the state of the appliance (e.g., from “off” to “on”).
4.1 General Requirements 4.1.1 The DigitalHome System shall allow a web-ready computer, cell phone or PDA to control a home's temperature, humidity, lights, security, and the state of small appliances.
4.1.2 The communication center of the DH system shall be a DH home web server, through which a user shall be able to monitor and control home devices and systems.
4.1.3 Each DigitalHome shall contain a master control device (the DH Gateway Device) that connects to the home’s broadband Internet connection, and uses wireless communication to send and receive communication between the DigitalHome system and the home devices and systems.
4.1.4 The DigitalHome shall be equipped with various environmental controllers and sensors (temperature controller-sensors: thermostats, humidity controller-sensors: humidistats, contact sensors, security sound and light alarms, and power switches).
4.1.5 Using wireless communication, sensor values can be read and saved in the home database.
4.1.6 Controller values can be sent to controllers to change the DH environment.
4.2 Thermostat Requirements 4.2.1 The DigitalHome programmable thermostat shall allow a user to Digital Home Project, SRS 1.3 Page 9 monitor and control a home’s temperature from any location, using a web ready computer, cell phone, or PDA.
4.2.1.1 A DH user shall be able to read the temperature at a thermostat position.
4.2.1.2 A DH user shall be able to set the thermostat temperatures to between 60 ° F and 80 ° F, inclusive, at one degree increments.
4.2.2 Up to eight thermostats shall be placed in rooms throughout the home.
4.2.2.1 The thermostats may be controlled individually or collectively, so that temperature can be controlled at different levels in different home spaces.
4.2.2.2 A single thermostat shall be placed in an enclosed space (e.g., a room in the house) for which the air temperature is to be controlled.
4.2.2.3 For each thermostat, up to twenty-four one hour settings per day for every day of the week can be scheduled.
4.2.2.4 If a thermostat device allows a user to make a manual temperature setting, the setting shall remain in effect until the end of the planned or default time period, at which time the planned or default setting will be used for the next time period.
4.2.3 A thermostat unit shall communicate, through wireless signals, with the master control unit.
4.2.4 The system shall support Fahrenheit and Celsius temperature values.
4.2.5 The system shall be compatible with a centralized HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning) systems: gas, oil, electricity, solar, or a combination of two or more.
The system shall adhere to the standards, policies and procedures of the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers .
4.3 Humidistat Requirements 4.3.1 The DigitalHome programmable humidistat shall allow a user to monitor and control a home’s humidity from any location, using a web ready computer, cell phone, or PDA.
4.3.1.1 A DH user shall be able to read the humidity at a humidistat position.
4.3.1.2 A DH user shall be able to set the humidity level for a humidistat, from 30% to 60%, inclusive a 1% increments.
4.3.2 Up to eight humidistats shall be placed in rooms throughout the home.
4.3.2.1 A single humidistat shall be placed in an enclosed space (e.g., a room in the house) for which the humidity is to be controlled.
4.3.2.2 If a humdistat device allows a user to make a manual temperature setting, the setting shall remain in effect until the Digital Home Project, SRS 1.3 Page 10 end of the planned or default time period, at which time the planned or default setting will be used for the next time period.
4.3.2.3 For each humidistat, up to twenty-four one hour settings per day for every day of the week can be scheduled.
4.3.3 A DigitalHome system shall use wireless signals to communicate, through the master control unit, with the humidistats.
4.4 Security System Requirements 4.4.1 The DigitalHome security system consists of contact sensors and a set security alarms.
4.4.1.1 A DigitalHome system shall be able to manage up to fifty door and window contact sensors.
4.4.1.2 A DigitalHome system shall be able to activate both light and sound alarms: one sound alarm and one light alarm subsystem, with multiple lights.
4.4.2 When a security breach occurs and a contact sensor is set OPEN, the alarm system shall be activated.
4.5 Appliance Management Requirements 4.5.1 The DigitalHome programmable Appliance Manager shall provide for management of a home’s small appliances, including lighting units, by allowing a user to turn them on or off as desired.
4.5.2 The Appliance Manager shall be able to manage up to one hundred 115 volt, 10 amp power switches.
4.5.3 The system shall be able to provide information about the state of a power switch (OFF or ON), indicating the whether an appliance connected to the power switch is OFF or ON.
4.5.4 The system shall be able to change the state of a power switch (OFF to ON, or ON to OFF), in turn changing the state of an appliance connected to the power switch.
4.5.5 If a user changes the state of power switch device manually, the device shall remain in that state until the end of the planned or default time period, at which time the planned or default setting will be used for the next time period.
4.6 DH Planning and Reporting Requirements 4.6.1 DigitalHome Planner shall provide a user with the capability to direct the system to set various preset home parameters (temperature, humidity, security contacts, and on or off appliance or light status) for certain time periods.
4.6.2 DigitalHome provides a monthly planner.
4.6.2.1 For a given month and year, a user shall be able to create or Digital Home Project, SRS 1.3 Page 11 modify a month plan that specifies for each day, for up to four daily time periods, the environmental parameter settings (temperature, humidity, contact sensors and power switches).
4.6.2.2 A user shall be able to override planned parameter values, through the DH website, or if available, through manual switches on household devices 4.6.3 For a given month and year, in the past two years, DigitalHome shall be able to provide a report on the management and control of the home.
4.6.3.1 The month report shall contain daily average, maximum (with time) and minimum (with time) values of temperature and humidity for each thermostat and humidistat, respectively.
4.6.3.2 The month report shall provide the day and time for which any security breaches occurred, that is, when the security alarms were activated.
4.6.3.3 The month report shall provide a section that indicates the periods of time when the DH System was not in operation.
Other Non-Functional Requirements 5.1 Performance Requirements 5.1.1 Displays of environmental conditions (temperature, humidity, contact sensors and power switches) shall be updated at least every two seconds.
5.1.2 Sensor (temperature, humidity, contact sensor, power state) shall have a minimum data acquisition rate of 10 Hz.
5.1.3 An environmental sensor or controller device shall have to be within 1000 feet of the master control device, in order to be in communication with the system.
5.2 Reliability 5.2.1 The DigitalHome System must be highly reliable with no more than 1 failure per 10,000 hours of operation.
5.2.2 The Digital Home System shall incorporate backup and recovery mechanisms.
5.2.2.1 The DH System will backup all system data (configuration, default parameter settings, planning, and usage data) on a daily basis, with the backup time set by the DH Technician at system set up.
5.2.2.2 If the DH System fails (due to power loss, loss of internet access, or other software or hardware failure), the system recovery mechanism shall restore system data (configuration, default parameter settings, planning, and usage data) from the most recent backup.
Digital Home Project, SRS 1.3 Page 12 5.2.3 All DigitalHome operations shall incorporate exception handling so that the system responds to a user with a clear, descriptive message when an error or an exceptional condition occurs.
5.3 Safety Requirements 5.3.1 Although there are no specific safety requirements, high system reliability is important to insure there are no system failures in carrying out user requests.
5.4 Security Requirements 5.4.1 Upon installation, a DigitalHome user account shall be established.
The DigitalHome web system shall provide for authentication and information encryption through a recognized reliable and effective security technology, such as Transport Layer Security.
5.4.2 Log in to an account shall require entry of an account name and a password.
5.5 Maintenance Requirements 5.5.1 The development of the DH system shall use methods and techniques such as the following to support system maintenance: 5.5.1.1 Documentation of requirements, design, and code 5.5.1.2 Use of abstraction, information hiding and module independence in system design; and 5.5.1.3 Use of IEEE standards  and the HomeOwner Coding Standard .
5.6.2 HomeOwner has designated object-oriented development, using UML 2.0, as the preferred method for development of software for HomeOwner products.
Digital Home Project, SRS 1.3 Page 13 5.7 User Documentation: 5.7.1 The DigitalHome System shall provide users with online documentation about the DigitalHome system installed in their home.
The user documentation shall include the following: 5.7.1.1 An FAQ section – a set of “Frequently Asked Questions” about use and maintenance of the DigitalHome System (e.g., “How do I change my password?”
5.7.1.2 A section that explains how DH parameters are set and sensor values are read.
This shall include information on limitations and constraints on parameter settings and sensor reading accuracy.
5.7.1.3 A section that describes how to use the DH Planner.
