Maple Bakery Website Requirements Introduction Maple Bakery opened in 2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic.
The founder, Sophia Doe, opened the bakery after quitting her job as a software engineer to pursue her passion for baking that she discovered while working from home.
Maple Bakery sells all sorts of baked goods including different types of loaves of bread, pastries, fine cakes, and sandwiches.
The store also sells coffee, tea, and juice for in-person customers.
Currently, Maple Bakery has one physical location in Northampton, MA.
However, Sophia Doe is considering expanding and opening a location in Boston in the next 5 years.
Most of Maple Bakery’s customers are people living locally in Northampton, however there are a few loyal regular customers that drive all the way from Boston, Connecticut, and even Canada to purchase Maple Bakery’s baked goods.
With an increase in popularity, Maple Bakery is in need of a sales website so that customers can order ahead of time as well as select shipping for their purchases.
Purpose: The purpose of this requirements specification is to provide an overview of Maple Bakery and a list of the requirements for the Maple Bakery website.
Upon completion, this SRS document is an outline of everything that should be completed by the Smith College student web developers.
This document is furthermore a resource for professors to evaluate the work of the student web developers.
Scope: The Maple Bakery website will serve as a point of information for customers and a storefront for goods.
The website will include information about the bakery such as the hours of operation, location, and important news like sales or new varieties of baked goods.
Furthermore, Maple Bakery’s customers will be able to use the website to purchase products either for in-store pickup or shipment to addresses.
General Description Overview: This website will behave as a storefront for Maple Bakery.
It will allow the administrator to update information about the bakery and goods sold, as well as process orders.
The website will be a point of contact between customers and Maple Bakery and should be easy to update.
Administrator side: The administrator will be responsible for updating information about the bakery such as the hours of operation and location.
The administrator has access to the customer accounts associated with the website and will use this website to keep track of the customer orders.
End users side: The end users, who are Maple Bakery’s customers, will use the website to look up information about the bakery such as the bakery’s business hours.
They will also have the ability to create an account on the website to remember purchases and payment information.
With this, they will be able to place orders for pick-up or shipment.
________________ Maple Bakery Website Software Requirements Specification - Page 2 of 2 Project Outline Below are things to include for Maple Bakery’s website, organized by category.
Administrative side The website shall provide a way to save store products in a database.
The website shall allow the administrator to view all users’ orders and mark their status such as received, processing, shipped, etc.
The website shall store a record of all payments to Maple Bakery.
When an administrator is logged in, the website shall allow the administrator to view created users’ accounts and information about the accounts.
The website shall allow the administrator to grant users gift card balances to their account.
Short description: This use case allows the administrator to add an item to the storefront.
Actors: System, Administrator Pre-conditions: The administrator is on the ‘Add an Item’ page.
Flow: 1.
The administrator inputs the name, description, and price of the product.
2.
The quantity text box becomes editable.
3.
The administrator types in the quantity of that item that is in stock.
4.
The administrator uploads a photo of the product.
5.
The administrator edits the toggle to indicate whether the product can be shipped.
6.
The “Upload” button becomes green, indicating the administrator inputted all the information.
7.
Administrator clicks the button and is shown a notification that the product has been uploaded to the database.
Front-end side When first opened, the website shall prompt users to register for an account or login.
The website accounts shall be safe and protected.
The website shall allow the users to pay securely.
The website shall have accounts for users that store information about the user including the credit card information, order history, wishlist, and shipping information.
The website shall have an FAQ section containing information about the Bakery, including hours of operation and location.
When the user is browsing products, the website shall display the item photo, name, and price.
When the user is browsing products, the website shall provide capability of filtering items by category and sorting by price and popularity.
When adding items to the cart, the website shall verify the user has selected the flavor and count of the item they are purchasing.
As a customer, I want to add items to a shopping cart so that I can purchase everything with one transaction.
As a customer, I want to add items to a wish list so that I can purchase items at a later date.
The website must allow the user to use credit cards and gift card balance to purchase baked goods if the purchase is for shipment.
When the user is entering payment information, the website must allow the user to use credit cards, gift card balance, or pay in store to purchase baked goods if the purchase is for pick-up.
Short description: This use case allows you to add an item to your cart.
Actors: System, User Pre-conditions: The user is on the item’s page.
Flow: 1.
The user selects the flavor of the item, if applicable.
2.
The quantity dropdown becomes visible.
3.
The user selects a quantity from 1 to 12.
4.
The “Add to cart” button becomes green.
5.
User clicks the button and is shown a notification that the item is in their cart.
