It will allow the administrator to update information about the
Below are things to include for Maple Bakery’s website, organized by category.
The website must allow the user to use credit card and gift card balances to purchase baked goods if the purchase is for
They will also have the ability to create an account on the website to remember purchases
When the user is browsing products, the website shall display the item photo, name, and price.
The website shall have accounts for users that store information about the user including the credit card information, order history,
are a few loyal regular customers that drive all the way from Boston, Connecticut, and even Canada to purchase Maple Bakery’s
and should be easy to update.
The website shall allow the administrator to grant users gift card balances to their account.
When first opened, the website shall prompt users to register for an account or login.
When adding items to the cart, the website shall verify the user has selected the flavor and count of the item they are purchasing.
As a customer, I want to add items to a wish list so that I can purchase items at a later date.
As a customer, I want to add items to a shopping cart so that I can purchase everything with one transaction.
The website shall provide a way to save store products in a database.
The website shall store a record of all payments to Maple Bakery.
expanding and opening a location in Boston in the next 5 years.
With an increase in popularity, Maple Bakery is in need of a sales website so that customers can order ahead of
opened the bakery after quitting her job as a software engineer to pursue her passion for
When an administrator is logged in, the website shall allow the administrator to view created users’ accounts and information
User clicks the button and is shown a notification that the item is in their cart.
include information about the bakery such as the hours of operation, location, and important news like sales or new varieties of
The user selects the flavor of the item, if applicable.
The website shall allow the administrator to view all users’ orders and mark their status such as received, processing, shipped,
When the user is browsing products, the website shall provide capability of filtering items by category and sorting by price and
When the user is entering payment information, the website must allow the user to use credit cards, gift card balance, or pay in
The website shall allow the users to pay securely.
Short description: This use case allows the administrator to add an item to the storefront.
Short description: This use case allows you to add an item to your cart.
Furthermore, Maple Bakery’s customers will be able to use the website to purchase products either for in-store
